Unless otherwise indicated, we retain all right, title, and interest in and to the the Website, including without limitation all graphics, user interfaces, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, graphics, logos, and trademarks or service marks reproduced through the System. These Terms of Use do not grant you any intellectual property license or rights in or to the Website or any of its components, except to the limited extent that these Terms of Use specifically sets forth your license rights to it. You recognize that the Website and it components are protected by copyright and other laws.

 Conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms of Use and, if applicable, your buying of a project/product, we grant you the rights to reproduce, modify, and publicly display the Forms and use the Consent Platform (all together “Content”) on your website or mobile application. 
 
 In addition, as to a Form intended to serve as a legal agreement between you and a counterparty, we grant you the right to distribute that Form to the counterparty to the extent reasonably necessary for your counterparty to execute the agreement. Under no circumstances may you use the Forms and use the Consent Platform for commercial purposes other than to facilitate compliance with applicable laws and best practices or the execution of agreements by your own business or organization. The Forms and the Consent Platform generated by the platform are licensed, not sold, and you receive no title to or ownership of the Forms or the Consent Platform, except in a case where it is being bought by you "individual", or a group of persons, and organization.

You and Cudfirm agree that none of the Feedback (as defined below) you or your users provide to us constitute confidential information, and nothing in these Terms of Use or in our dealings arising out of or related to subject matter of these Terms of Use will restrict our right to use, profit from, disclose, publish, keep secret, or otherwise exploit Feedback, without compensating or crediting you or the user in question. You hereby grant us a perpetual, irrevocable right and license to exploit the Feedback in any and every way and subject to applicable law waive any moral rights in such Feedback. Feedback will not constitute your confidential information. (“Feedback” refers to any suggestion or idea for improving or otherwise modifying any of Cudfirm's products or services.)

