
 You may not access or use the Services for any purpose other than that for which we make the Services available. The Services may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.

----------------

As a user of the Services, you agree not to:

Systematically retrieve data, Forms, or other Content from the Services to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.


Make any unauthorized use of the Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.


Use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Services.


Use the Services to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.


Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Services and/or the Content contained therein.


Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Services.


Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.


Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.


Engage in any automated use of the Website or Services, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.


Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Services or the networks or services connected to the Services.


Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.Sell or otherwise transfer your Termly profile or account.


Use any information obtained from the Services in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.


Use the Services as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Services and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise beyond the license granted to you under these Terms of Use.


Decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the content comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services.


Attempt to bypass any measures of the Website designed to prevent or restrict access to the Services, or any portion of the Services.


Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Services to you.


Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.


Copy or adapt the Website, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.


Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Services or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Services.


Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).


Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Services, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.


Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, Cudfirm, the Products, Website, and/or the Services.


Use the Services in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.



