These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Services or in respect to the Services constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Cudfirm. You confirm that you have not relied on any prior or side statement, agreement, or representation, whether these were oral or written, to enter into this agreement with us.

Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.

We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time.

If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

You and Cudfirm are independent contractors and shall so represent ourselves in all regards. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Services.

You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Use.

You and Cudfirm agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed in favor of or against either party by reason of authorship.

You shall not (a) permit any third party to access or use the Services or Software in violation of any U.S. law or regulation; or (b) export any product provided by us or otherwise remove it from house except in compliance with all applicable Nigeria laws and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall not permit any third party to access or use the Services in, or export the product to, a country subject to Nigeria embargo (as of the Effective Date, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria).

We may send notices pursuant to these Terms of Use to the email address you provided us, and such notices will be deemed received twenty-four (24) hours after they are sent. You may send notices pursuant to these Terms of Use to support@cudfirm.ga, and such notices will be deemed received seventy-two (72) hours after they are sent.

No delay, failure, or default, other than a failure to pay any fees when due, will constitute a breach of these Terms of Use to the extent such delay, failure, or default is caused by epidemics or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, hurricanes, earthquakes, other acts of God or of nature, any law or any action taken by a government or public authority, non-performance by suppliers or subcontractors, interruption or failure of utility service, strikes or other labor disputes, riots or other acts of civil disorder, embargoes, or other causes beyond our reasonable control.

